Python Open Function:

 The argument mode points to a string beginning with one of the following
 sequences (Additional characters may follow these sequences.):

 ``r''   Open text file for reading.  The stream is positioned at the
         beginning of the file.

 ``r+''  Open for reading and writing.  The stream is positioned at the
         beginning of the file.

 ``w''   Truncate file to zero length or create text file for writing.
         The stream is positioned at the beginning of the file.

 ``w+''  Open for reading and writing.  The file is created if it does not
         exist, otherwise it is truncated.  The stream is positioned at
         the beginning of the file.

 ``a''   Open for writing.  The file is created if it does not exist.  The
         stream is positioned at the end of the file.  Subsequent writes
         to the file will always end up at the then current end of file,
         irrespective of any intervening fseek(3) or similar.

 ``a+''  Open for reading and writing.  The file is created if it does not
         exist.  The stream is positioned at the end of the file.  Subse-
         quent writes to the file will always end up at the then current
         end of file, irrespective of any intervening fseek(3) or similar.


What are the different File Modes in Python?
There are multiple modes to open the file.

“r” mode: Open the file in reading mode. The pointer will be assigned at the beginning of the file. It will throw an error if the file does not exist.

“r+” mode: Open the file for reading writing. The pointer will be assigned at the beginning of the file to read and write a file. It will throw an I/O error if the file not exist.

“w” mode: Open the file in write mode. The pointer will be assigned at the beginning of the file and it will overwrite all the contents in the file.

“w+” mode: Open the file in read-write mode. All the data in the existing file will be truncated (delete and throw away) and overwritten.

“a” mode: Open file in append mode. Instead of overwriting original content, in this mode, you can append the new content at the end of the file. If the file is not present, a new file will be created with the file name mentioned.

“a+” mode: Open the file in append mode. If the file does not exist, it will create a new file. It will append the new content at the end.  The existing content in the file will be intact.

